I'm Wally Amos read it love is a
foundation that creates awareness about
the benefits and values and the
importance of parents adults reading
aloud to children from birth to age six
for at least ten minutes a day if you do
that you will have a reader the idea is
not just to learn to read but to have a
very spirit a mouth to reading really
loud works it's been working for
generations you read that the carrot
seed is anyone you ever read the carrot
seed all right I close every story time
that I have with this book because I
think the big idea is so meaningful it
can really help you have a fantastic
life so I definitely wanted to share it
with the boys and girls at August earns
the author is Ruth Krause the
illustrator is Crockett Johnson the
publisher is Harper Festival the title
again is the carroty carroty carrot
carrot see a little boy planted a carrot
see his mother said oh honey I'm afraid
it won't come up his father said
I'm afraid it won't come up and his big
brother says ah it won't come up every
day
the little boy pulled up the weeds
around the seed and sprinkle the ground
with water but nothing came up and
nothing came up yes everyone kept saying
it wouldn't come up but he still pulled
up the weeds around it every day and
sprinkled the ground with water and then
one day a carrot came up anything
unusual about that carrot the green the
green sprout on it is so big it's a big
carrot and everybody said it wouldn't
come up but a carrot came up just as the
little boy had known it would a carrot
boys and girls so big that it took a
wheelbarrow to take it away in
so the big idea in this book is if you
believe in yourself and if you believe
in your ideas as strongly as this little
boy believed that his carrot would come
up then you will have success also but
the little boy had to do something in
order to help the carrier grow what did
the little boy do every day he pulled up
all the weeds and then he sprinkled the
ground with water so that was his
responsibility so every time you get an
idea there is a responsibility that will
come with your idea that only you can do
so the big idea is if you have
confidence if you have faith and if you
do everything you can do to help you
succeed with your idea then you will be
a success so that's a great idea boys
and girls too that that becomes a great
foundation for you to build on and
there's absolutely nothing that you
cannot accomplish if you have faith if
your work hard and if you do everything
that you can do to succeed okay
thanks for reading guys thanks for being
a great audience